Write section for deals with combinations of resistors.
This section here will allow us to simplify electric circuits and some of them we're going to see they're
going look really complicated at the beginning but using some techniques to simplify them we can reduce
them to very very simple circuits and the nice thing about simple circuits it's very easy to apply Ohm's
law to find the power and so on.
So we first have to learn how to identify what the different combinations are.
I've kind of here we have two little diagrams here showing you two different combinations.
If I only have two different resistors so the resistors here represented by the light bulbs there's
two ways to connect two light bulbs to a power supply to this battery over here.
The first way would be to connect them in parallel in parallel.
It means if you count the number of loops over here you have more than a single loop.
We've got our first loop here which connects to the resistor are two of the power supply.
And then there's another loop that starts from this bulb and forms its own loop.
And when you have a system like this this is said that both resistors here are in parallel to each other.
The diagram here on the right hand side.
Again if I connect both of them one right after another.
So you have connected the first light bulb to the power supply.
Now I attach another wire and connected immediately after and then coming back here in this case here
the resistors are said to be in series with one another.
So we're going to learn that there's different ways to simplify circuits but you have to be able to
identify are the resistors in series with each other.
Or are they in parallel with one another.
Because there's going to be different sets of rules for each different case.
So let's go ahead and look at each different case and why we're able to simplify them.